ReferenceIndex model registration (#10339)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/advanced_topics/reference_index.md

## Configuration

By default, the index will store references between objects managed within the Wagtail admin, specifically:
- all Page types
- Images
- Documents
- models registered as Snippets
- models registered with ModelAdmin

```{note}
When introduced in Wagtail 4.1, the Reference Index recorded references in all application models by default. Wagtail 5.0 reduced the scope of the default models to those specifically linked with Wagtail.
```

Apps with models that are indexed need to listed in `INSTALLED_APPS` before the `wagtail` app.

The reference index does not require any further configuration. However there are circumstances where it may be necessary to add or remove models from the index.

(registering_a_model_for_indexing)=

### Registering a Model for Indexing

> A model can be registered for reference indexing by adding code to the model's `app.py`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A model can be registered for reference indexing by adding code to `apps.py` in the app where the model is defined:
```
